Add explanation for our docstring in API reference (#3310)
optuna/optuna: docs/source/reference/index.rst

API Reference
=============

> How to read Optuna API documentation?
> -------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to read the API documentation?
----------------------------------
```

> We provide the API reference that is automatically generated by
> docstrings written in each modules. We basically follow `Google Style Python Docstrings <https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example_google.html>`_.
> For more information, please read our `Coding Style Conventions <https://github.com/optuna/optuna/wiki/Coding-Style-Conventions#docstrings>`_ as well.

Reviewer: Some grammatical changes and simplifications. What do you think?
```suggestion
The API reference style is based on `Google Style Python Docstrings <https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example_google.html>`_.
For more information, please refer to the `Coding Style Conventions <https://github.com/optuna/optuna/wiki/Coding-Style-Conventions#docstrings>`_.
```

Reviewer: This also seems to target developers and not users.

A typical example of our docstring looks like following:

.. code-block:: python

>     def hoge(self, number: int, ...) -> int:

Reviewer: A minor suggestion. `foo` or perhaps something slightly more verbose might be better. `hoge` is quite domestic to Japan.
```suggestion
    def some_function(self, number: int, ...) -> int:
```

Author: I didn't know that..., thank you for letting me know! :memo: And adding `_function` also improve the readability. 🙏

>         """Description of a method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        """Description of a method.
```

Author: :bow:

        More detailed explanation for the API...
        ...

        Example:

            .. testcode::

                your_awesome_number = 1

>                 hoge(your_awesome_number)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                some_function(your_awesome_number)
```

                ...

        Args:
            number:

>                 Some description for the argument here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                Some description for the argument here.
```

            ...

        Raises:
            TypeError:

>                 Describe here when an exception is raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                Describe here when an exception is raised.
```

>                 Describe here when an exception is raised.

Reviewer: This explanatory text seems to be targeting developers. How about targeting users as it's part of the library documentation? E.g. "Description of common error."

            ...

Each documentation shows information about `Parameters` (Args), `Raises` and `Return type`.
Types of parameters and return value are based on type hints, which are annotated to each methods in our codebase.

> It also contains `Methods` and `Attributes` in the class documentation and some API shows a code example for you.

Reviewer: Ditto.
